Hello English learners, welcome back to English,
part of my name is Marco and I'm Erica and today we have another romantic lesson kind
of romantic a little romantic we got a boyfriend and a girlfriend and they're apologizing
to each other okay so it's a very common situation and we're going to be talking about
love we're also going to talk about different pet names that are commonly used in English
that are used with your boyfriend or girlfriend okay very good so let's listen to this
dialogue for the first time and see what's happening with her couple
you know what I mean yeah I know I want to know where this relationship is going
I mean love with you and I need to know you know I think you're awesome I'm awesome
well I guess that's my answer isn't it honey look if you don't love me it's not a thing all right
we've had our laughs but I don't appreciate well maybe it's just time we baby I love you so much
you do I love you and I think you're awesome oh I love you too come on put the gun down oh baby
I'm so sorry okay so romantic and dramatic yeah I think she really needed to hear that right so
I think she really wanted to hear I love you yeah that's right and there's some interesting phrases
here in this in this dialogue and today we're going to focus mostly on phrases so why don't
we start with fluency builder fluency builder okay on fluency builder today we're going to take a look
at some of these phrases and the first one is very important and very different so obviously this
dialogue is about love and we heard two different ways that this word is used and the first one is
to love someone right so he said I love you yeah I love you we all pretty much understand what that means
but they also mentioned to be in love with someone okay so he said I am in love with you
I'm in love with you in love okay so what's the difference between two love and to be in love
to be in love with someone means that you have these strong romantic feelings towards somebody
that's right so you can only be in love with your boyfriend your girlfriend your husband or your wife
so you can love your parents you can love your family but you can be in love with them you can
only be in love with your girlfriend boyfriend husband wife that's right okay so moving on to the next
phrase now the girl asked her boyfriend can we talk can we talk can we talk this is a very simple
sentence right we know the meaning right but why does she say can we talk okay so you use this
when you want to start a conversation about something serious okay so if you wanted to talk to me
about my new shirt I wouldn't ask I wouldn't say hey Marco can we talk oh I really like your
shirt where'd you get it exactly right that it has to be serious so usually if somebody says hey
can we talk it means that there's going to be a serious topic it's going to be probably bad news maybe
that yes yeah so can we talk so if your boyfriend or girlfriend tells you this well it's not a good
sign that's right all right and the last phrase that we have on fluency builder you know what I mean
you know what I mean you know what I mean you know what I mean all right so again this phrase is
very simple to understand right that's right so you know what I'm talking about you you understand
but the interesting thing is that we can also make it a question and it's all about the change
in tone okay so with this in mind let's listen to two examples of the same phrase but with different
tones and you try to see which one is the question example one I'm tired of doing nothing all day
here at home you know what I mean example two come on Charles you know what I mean when I say
that I don't like your friends example three I hate this class it's so boring and tedious you know
what I mean all right so we heard the examples and well maybe you guessed it right the second
example was the question that's right you know what I mean right so basically you're asking the
person if they understand your idea or they understand what you're talking about so maybe you can say
so the professor wasn't very clear on his instructions so how was I supposed to do the homework you know
what I mean so you're asking me to confirm that I understand you my idea you understand what I'm saying yeah
okay and if it was a statement I might say hey I don't like going to your mom's house
so I would say what what do you mean why you know what I mean right so I perfectly understand or
know the reasons why you don't like going yeah like I don't have to tell you you know what I mean
all right very good so you know what I mean great so we've taken a look at these four phrases they're
very simple but the way that you use them gives them different meanings that's right all right so
let's listen to our dialogue for the second time let's slow it down a little bit and then we'll
come back and look at some more phrases can we talk sure honey we're talking now aren't we
you know what I mean yeah I know I want to know where this relationship is going I mean love with you
and I need to know you know I think you're awesome I'm awesome well I guess that's my answer isn't it honey
look if you don't love me it's not a thing all right we've had our laughs but I don't appreciate
well maybe it's just time we baby I love you so much you do I love you and I think you're awesome
oh I love you too come on put the gun down oh baby I'm so sorry okay so now it's time for us to
take a look at some more phrases but this time we're gonna look at them and putting it together
let's get together okay we're gonna see how we can use these phrases in a few different
situations so the girl wanted to talk to her boyfriend because she wanted to know where this relationship
is going right where is this relationship going where is this relationship going so she wants to know
what's going to happen or what's the future what's the future of this relationship are we gonna
get married or just what what's happening yeah so why don't we listen to some examples with different
nouns and how we can use this phrase example one I don't know where my career is going in this
company I don't see any potential for growth example two
this movie is so confusing I have no idea where the plot is going
example three we have been in this meeting for over two hours and I still don't know where it's
going okay so again this phrase is just asking about the future of something right so where the
future of this movie where is this movie going yeah what's happening right what's going to happen
yeah or your career etc yeah okay and so the girl you know she was talking a little bit about
her feelings and she said maybe it's just time we okay so this phrase isn't complete yet
we need to finish it yeah but she is basically saying maybe we should do this how can we finish the phrase
all right so so she could say maybe it's just time we break up all right or I can say
maybe it's time we have a baby oh my god all right even maybe it's time we go home okay so
it's getting late let's go home maybe it's time we go home yeah so this is how we can finish this
phrase and what about our last phrase she also said we've had our laughs okay so that means
we've had our good times yeah okay but we can change this too we've had our ups and downs okay
or we've had our moments right so that means we've had our good moments in our bad moments
that's right or we've had our issues okay so that means we've had some problems we've had some
difficulties or even we've had our moments okay so that means we've had it so that means we've had
our special times special occasions that we will always remember that's right okay so a really
So three really useful structures that you can change the words a little bit to slightly change the meaning.
Okay, so it's time for us to listen to our dialogue for the last time.
Now we're ready to understand everything.
And then we'll come back and give you some examples of pet names in English.
Can we talk?
Sure, honey.
We're talking now, aren't we?
You know what I mean.
Yeah, I know.
I want to know where this relationship is going.
I mean, love with you.
And I need to know.
You know, I think you're awesome.
I'm awesome.
Well, I guess that's my answer, isn't it?
Honey.
Look, if you don't love me,
it's not a thing, all right?
We've had our laughs, but I don't appreciate.
Well, maybe it's just time we...
Baby, I love you so much.
You do?
I love you.
And I think you're awesome.
Oh, I love you too.
Come on.
Put the gun down.
Oh, baby.
I'm so sorry.
All right, Omar, could you mention this word pet names?
And what exactly is that?
All right, so pet names aren't names for your dogs or your cats, right?
Okay, right.
They are those sweet names that you would call your boyfriend or girlfriend.
Okay, so like, baby.
Okay, in our dialogue, we heard baby.
Yep, right?
So we're not talking about a little child now.
This is usually how you would call maybe your girlfriend or boyfriend.
Or honey.
Honey, right?
Hey, honey, or honey, I'm home.
Yeah.
Right?
But we also have other ones like sweetheart.
Mm-hmm.
For darling.
Darling.
Yeah.
Or what about sweetie?
Mm-hmm.
Or cutie.
Cutie.
So some of these phrases can be a little bit like cheesy, maybe.
Well, yeah, a little too too much.
Yeah.
Smuckums.
Snuckums.
Like snuckums.
Okay.
Or honey bunny.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
You also have sweetie pie.
Yep.
Yeah.
And some of them will make some up, right?
Maybe they'll call their boyfriend, um, poo bear.
Oh, yeah.
Right?
Yeah.
Like, you know, like, we need a poo bear.
I heard dumpling.
Yeah.
Also, it could be, you can make up your own for it.
You can make up your own pet names, right?
Yeah.
So I want to hear from our listeners.
Are there any common pet names in your language?
I know that in Spanish, we sometimes call the, we, we can sometimes call
our girlfriend, Gorda, which actually means fat.
But it's not in a bad way.
Really?
It's a sweet way of calling your, your girlfriend.
And I know in French, you can say, my poo switch,
basically means my flee.
Yeah.
So some of them, if you translate, you wouldn't really use an English,
but let us know translate from your language or other ones that you've heard
maybe in movies or talk shows and come to our website, EnglishPod.com.
Yeah.
Leave your questions there, as well as your pet names.
And Marco and I are always happy to see you there.
Okay, until next time.
Goodbye.
Bye.